but it's ok
I 'm with you today, I 'm going to do it here.
December with 11
I hope you like it I'll're
leaving below the inscription in the
facebook is the blog
If you want to smell it, it's
your facebook book
for joão duque it 's just going to be in the photo
these things are left bus stop
I hope you like it's ofsted to
me
debuted on my channel if you're
being able to share the beginning of the year
and I'm going to make a different stop is
common is is leaf fashion pedraria matter
country is so much for you all
I hope you like good girls here.
I already passed is the white rose in the middle is
Well, it 's very simple to pass on, and I do not
as it is sticker but if it is if you have
difficulty can put a tape
insulation that during a thing with a
paper harvests and leave with it is there
so I did it vertically
now I'm going to teach, or do the 1-1
out of the area and December they are Santista
own for 11 a complete you
dancing
I used brush to show the build
He's really cute, I fit him to
make strokes very thin but may be
fit in the mott luis own brush
all the time without enamel and cough as
tpu emptied takes and the next video I
I will do to make adjustment to the
dismantling brush
Good, I always left a mouse.
There I get so much paint to leave
not very thick and also the features
very fine
my site there what I have
then I know and pull
will ask who to pull up to the end
What I did I go I chose to go on
beautiful gives a shine more do not stay so
not funny, only judge
I used those mounds I always use
it leads them to go in most
paintings on lines to do
I love the eternal
It's good, girls. I already have the paint.
dried and I gave a demand this enamel
gives sparkle and practicing it there because it is
water-based and if you do not pass this
and shifted in another in another.
thing the ink comes out spoils
the nail
So it has to go through and it stays that way.
I hope you have enjoyed clicking
in like
If you can share, I thank you.
subscribe to the channel by leaving the link
my facebook blog is and I hope it
did you like
until the next video kisses and even more